Publish the update to vote for the governing board (#3437)
matrix-org/matrix.org: content/blog/2026/05/2026-05-29-kicking-off-gb-voting.md

+++
date = "2026-05-29T13:00:00Z"
title = "Kicking off the voting period for the Governing Board election"

[taxonomies]
author = ["Amandine Le Pape"]
category = ["Elections", "Foundation", "Governing Board"]
+++

🚥 And off we go!

At midnight tonight representatives of the Platinum members, Silver members and Ecosystem members, as well asIndividual members, Spec Core Team members and Guardians will be able to start voting to choose the representatives of their constituency on the Governing Board!

> The [final list of candidates for the 2026 election of the Foundation's Governing Board](https://matrix.org/foundation/governing-board-elections/2026/) and their details are available on the website for reference, and folks have been campaigning in [the bonfire rooms](https://matrix.to/#/#governing-board-nominee-campaigning-bonfire:matrix.org) during the last two weeks. 

Reviewer: doesn't this work?
```suggestion
The [final list of candidates for the 2026 election of the Foundation's Governing Board](@/foundation/governing-board-elections/2026/index.md) and their details are available on the website for reference, and folks have been campaigning in [the bonfire rooms](https://matrix.to/#/#governing-board-nominee-campaigning-bonfire:matrix.org) during the last two weeks. 
```

This is the penultimate milestone in our election schedule and runs until the 12th of June 11:59pm UTC:  

✅  Announcement on Monday 27th April  
✅  Nominations from Saturday 2nd May to Friday 15th May  
✅  Campaigning from Saturday 16th May to Friday 29th May  
➡️  Voting from Saturday 30th May to Friday 12th June  
◻️  Results announced on Monday 15th June

All voters should keep an eye out for an email from [OpaVote](https://opavote.com/), the platform we will be using to run the election.

> A big thank you again to [all our candidates](https://matrix.org/foundation/governing-board-elections/2026/#nominees) who have stepped up to drive the growth of Matrix, and good luck to all!

Reviewer: I think this should also work
```suggestion
A big thank you again to [all our candidates](@/foundation/governing-board-elections/2026/index.md#nominees) who have stepped up to drive the growth of Matrix, and good luck to all!
```
